=head1 Blog Entry Formatting

Basically, blog entries are formatted like an email message. You have
a header section, in the format of

Name: value

followed by a blank line, and then the body of the message.

=head1 Headers

=head2 Subject:

A blog entry should have, at minimum, a Subject: header.  This will be
used as the title of your blog post.

Other headers are optional, and include:

=head2 Content-Type:

This is the MIME type of your article.  Your choices at this point are:
	text/plain
	text/html
	text/x-markdown

text/plain is rendered as-is, as plain text.  text/html may contain
HTML.  text/x-markdown is formatted in the simple markup language
Markdown (http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/).

If no Content-Type header is present, we will try to autodetect it.  If
the body begins with a < character, we assume text/html, otherwise we
assume text/plain.

=head2 Alias:

This provides a value for a permanent link.  If not present, the filename of
the article will be used.

An example:

        Alias: bad-day-at-the-office

will have a permalink of

	http://www.yourdomain.tld/blog/bad-day-at-the-office

instead of

	http://www.yourdomain.tld/blog/20060630074132

=head2 Tags:

A comma-separated list of tag keywords. 

An example:

	Tags: vim, perl, blog

Tags are optional.

=head1 Inline options

=head2 <read more>

Inserting a <read more> tag inside the body of your post will let blog.pl
display only the text up to that point on the index page, followed by a 'read
more' link to the full article.

This should work for all content-type: options.
